Hamas says its militants have shot and
killed one male hostage being held in
Gaza and wounded two more both of them
women in Tel Aviv relatives and
supporters gather weekly demanding an
immediate deal to secure the release of
the remaining Israeli hostages
Palestinian militants kidnapped 251
people in the crossb raids on October
7th over a 100 have been freed but it is
not clear how many are still being held
alive Hamas considered a terror group by
many countries posted its statement on
telegram it is the first time the group
has made such a declaration it usually
attributes hostage deaths to Israeli
bombardments on
Gaza let's get more on this developing
story from our correspondent Tanya
Kramer she joins me now from Jerusalem
Tanya what is the latest you can tell us
here well for the moment we have this
statement uh from the spokesperson of
the Kasam brigades as you said it's a
bit of an unusual statement announcing
earlier tonight that in two separate
incidents militants guarding hostages
shot and killed one hostage and also
injured two female hostages seriously
the statement also said that they are
currently being uh treated to save their
lives the statement did not identify the
hostages and said that they are looking
into it and that they will give more
information at a later stage now the
Israeli military has reacted Reed to
that and said they do not have more
intelligence currently they cannot
either refute or confirm these claims
and they also will try to verify those
claims giving more information now of
course this highlights you know the
absolute need what host the families of
the hostages that are still uh held in
Gaza belied to be 115 and as you said we
don't know how many of them are still
alive so um it it really underlines the
necessity uh that there will be a
ceasefire and hostage deal that would
see those hostages release and this is
you know what we've seen again people
going out on the streets uh
demonstrating and calling on the
government to get such a deal done and
this of course has happened just days
before we are expected fresh ceasefire
talks to begin they are expected to
start on Thursday do you think this
could have an
effect well I think it's a bit too early
to speculate what imp this particular uh
incident has and there already a lot of
doubts about these talks they were
scheduled late last week uh by the
mediators Egypt uh Qatar and the United
States so that they would meet for a new
round of talks on Thursday and Israel
has also said that they will send a
delegation now Hamas on Sunday night
they have said that they don't want to
see a new round of uh talks but rather
would go to uh agreements that were made
in previous talks based on the uh plan
that was um presented by US President
Joe Biden late in May and that they
agreed upon on certain issues that's
according uh to Hamas uh in July so this
is seen here more as a maybe tactical
step it doesn't mean necessarily that
they're not part of the negotiations but
they put more doubts of course uh on
these talks and of course all of this
comes when the region is really on edge
right now there are more and more
warnings here been heard today again
assessment that an attack by retaliatory
attack by Iran or Hezbollah might be
imminent we've been in that situation
already a week ago but we've just heard
tonight the military spokesperson saying
that Israel is prepared at Peak
Readiness in offense and defense and of
course if something like that happens uh
then that could also derail such
ceasefire talks Tanya thank you as
always for your reporting that is our
correspondent Tanya Kramer in Jerusalem